[Docs] Many small tweaks (#830)
rancher/rio: docs/autoscaling.md

$ rio run --scale 0-10 -p 8080 strongmonkey1992/autoscale:v0
```

> To test, put load the service. Use [hey](https://github.com/rakyll/hey):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test putting load on the service use [hey](https://github.com/rakyll/hey):
```

Author: Addressed via https://github.com/rancher/rio/pull/830/commits/528e07d205269d9d06d7c76073eb296800f2f2d2
